## ProjectMarketplace.sol

I have designed and developed an ERC-721 compliant smart contract in Solidity called ‘ProjectMarketplace’ for project proposers to interact with. The contract’s main function is called ‘createProject’. The entity that calls the function specifies the details of the project in the function’s parameters, such as the name of the project, the amount it is aiming to raise, the cryptocurrency that funds are raised in and the ‘data access threshold’ (minimum amount of investment required to view a project’s data). When ‘createProject’ is called, a smart contract that represents the project’s fundraise is deployed and a NFT minted which is owned by the fundraising contract. The NFT represents the project and its ownership.

## Fundraise.sol

I have developed an ERC-20 smart contract in Solidity called ‘Fundraise’ which is deployed when a new project is created. The contract is interacted with by investors and holds the capital raised until the project’s target amount is reached, at which point the funds are immediately sent to the proposing entity. In reality, when a DAO implements this technical architecture, this feature should be changed so that the project proposer has staggered access to the raised capital and access be granted upon the receipt of data that proves a project’s progress, which ensures that the project is being correctly implemented. This staggered data access mechanism is a topic of future work.

Fundraise's functions ‘invest’ and ‘withdrawInvestment’ allow users to add and withdraw their capital from a project’s fundraise. In return for investment, users receive the Fundraising contract’s ERC-20 tokens in a 1:1 ratio in the value to their contribution. If a user withdraws funds, a corresponding amount of these token are removed from their possession and burned. The supply limit of the fungible tokens that a Fundraising smart contract mints is equal to the amount that the project is aiming to raise. Each Fundraising contract token therefore corresponds to $\frac{1}{token supply}$ proportionate ownership over the corresponding project NFT and, thus, the project itself. If a user invests the full amount a project is aiming to raise, they can call the function ‘redeemNFT’. This results in the user receiving the project NFT itself and burns their corresponding RFTs. The entity that proposed the project can stop the fundraise temporarily with the function ‘Pause’ or stop it permanently with ‘kill’.

## testUSDT.sol & testDAI.sol

testUSDT.sol and testDAI.sol are mock stablecoins that were used for testing. They mirror the actual USDT and DAI stablecoins by having decimal values of 6 and 18, respectively.
