This directory contains the smart contracts of my technical architecture. 

## ProjectMarketplace

I have designed and implemented an ERC-721 compliant smart contract in Solidity called ‘ProjectMarketplace’ for project proposers to interact with. The contract’s main function is called ‘createProject’. The entity that calls the function specifies the details of the project in the function’s parameters, such as the name of the project, the amount it is aiming to raise, the cryptocurrency that funds are raised in and the ‘data access threshold’ (minimum amount ofinvestment required to view a project’s data). When ‘createProject’ is called, a smart contract that represents the project’s fundraise is deployed and a NFT minted which is owned by the fundraising contract. The NFT represents the project and its ownership. ‘createProject’ uses 2,440,000 units of gas which is estimated to cost approximately 0.0853 ETH according to the average daily gas prices from June - September 2022 .

## Fundraise

I have developed an ERC-20 smart contract in Solidity called ‘Fundraise’ which is deployed when a new project is created. The contract is interacted with by investors and holds the capital raised until the project’s target amount is reached, at which point the funds are immediately sent to the proposing entity. The contract’s functions ‘invest’ and ‘withdrawInvestment’ allow users to add and withdraw their capital from a project’s fundraise. When this a DAO that is live implements this architecture, this feature should be changed to ensure that the project proposer have staggered access to their project's raised capital to ensure it is implemented correctly. At the time of writing (September 2022), functions gas fees were estimated to be 0.00476 ETH and 0.00171 ETH respectively which prices out the very small investors (below ≈ $50) but is insignificant to the remainder.

In return for investment, users receive the Fundraising contract’s ERC-20 tokens in a 1:1 ratio in the value to their contribution. If a user withdraws funds, a corresponding amount of these token are removed from their possession and burned. The Fundraising contract tokens are referred to as “re-fungible tokens” (RFTs) as they represent a share of the project NFT’s ownership and, thus, the project’s ownership itself. If a user invests the full amount a project is aiming to raise, they can call the function ‘redeemNFT’. This results in the user receiving the project NFT itself and burns their corresponding RFTs. The entity that proposed the project can stop the fundraise temporarily with the function ‘Pause’ or stop it permanently with ‘kill’. ‘redeemNFT’, ‘pause’ and ‘kill’s transaction fees are all negligible considering their use cases.
